
Homepage:
    http://www.xen-tools.org/software/xen-tools

CVS Repository:
    http://xen-tools.cvsrepository.org/

Mailing Lists:
    http://lists.cvsrepository.org/


xen-tools
---------

  The xen-tools package contains a collection of Perl scripts for
 working with Xen images under Debian GNU/Linux.

  Using this software you can easily create new Xen guest images
 which are setup with networking, including an installation of 
 OpenSSH, and configured to be ready to work.

  It is primarily aimed at users who wish to create virtual 
 instances of Debian Sarge, Etch, or Sid.  Although there is support
 for installing non-Debian instances.


Requirements
------------

  To use these tools you'll need the following software:

        * Perl
        * The Perl module "Text::Template" available from CPAN.

  Optionally you'll need "debootstrap" and "rpmstrap" to take advantage
 of the most common installation methods - although you could get by without
 them if you were prepared to work at it.


The Scripts
-----------

  There now follows a brief description of each included script,
 for more thorough documentation please consult their manpages.



xen-create-image
----------------

  This script is designed to create new images which may be used
 with the Xen hyperviser.  

  The virtual images will have their networking settings created and,
 you may optionally cause the new instance to boot once it has
 been created.

  This script performs the initial setup, then delegates the real
 work to a collection of helper scripts:

    * xt-install-image
      Installs a distribution into a directory.

    * xt-customize-image
      Run a collection of hook scripts to configure the freshly 
      installed system.

    * xt-create-xen-config
      Create a configuration file in /etc/xen such that Xen can
      boot the newly created machine.


xen-delete-image
----------------

  This script will allow you to completely remove Xen instances
 which have previously been created by xen-create-image, this
 includes removing the storage block devices from the system,
 and deleting the Xen configuration file.


xen-list-images
---------------

  List all the created images beneath a given root directory along
 with a brief overview of their setup details.


xen-update-image
----------------

  This script runs "apt-get update; apt-get upgrade" for a given
 Xen image.

  NOTES: 

  *  The image should not be running or corruption will occur!
  *  The script should only be used for Xen instances of Debian.


Steve
--
$Id: README,v 1.37 2006-06-27 10:27:35 steve Exp $

